here with the debut performance of
phone dies andrade
this might sound crazy but be my baby
[Music]
i'll let you feel these thoughts until
my phone dies
yeah we can feel these vibes until my
phone
died
this might sound crazy but be my baby
i'll let you feel these files until my
phone dies
until my phone dies
[Music]
[Applause]
now you know i'm not playing with you
cause you become a part of me i'm so
lucky not thinking for
me i lost myself for a chance that i
thought
[Music]
but
until the power goes
[Music]
this is
until vibes
[Music]
compel the future
i
[Music]
and then i could just run out like this
the jimmy kimmel live concert series is
presented by mercedes-benz
the best or not